README.md, before:

## Description
This is a demonstration project with an example of [Google Map custom map styling on Android](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/android-api/styling)!

This example will be presented on my talk on [Android Meetup #43](https://www.meetup.com/pt-BR/GDG-SP/events/236623989/)! :robot:

## How to run it?
Just clone the project and import the project on Android on `File > Open Project`, easy! :heart:

## LICENSE

```
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2017 Walmyr Carvalho

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Updating README.md
Adding some missing infos

README.md, after:

## Description
This is a demonstration project with an example of [Google Map custom map styling on Android](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/android-api/styling)!

This example will be presented on my talk on [Android Meetup #43](https://www.meetup.com/pt-BR/GDG-SP/events/236623989/)! :robot:

## Technical details
The app was made with Kotlin and the Google Maps API key used on it is hosted on my personal account, so if it stop working in some way just [create your own key](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/android/start#get-key
) and replace the `google_maps_key` value on the `google_maps_api.xml` file.

## How to run it?
Just clone the project and import the project on Android Studio on `File > Open Project`, easy! :heart:

## LICENSE

```
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2017 Walmyr Carvalho

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
